I know Mary has some special announcements to make.
I think I already did. Oh, wait, wait, wait. I didn't. I didn't.
So let's see. We just wanted to like say that from today will be a nice idea to highlight a builder of the week or something.
We can do it randomly. So it's not going to be like, at least that's what I thought. Hi, let me know if you have other ideas. But we're just going to randomly highlight a person that had probably struggled in the beginning and had struggled in the beginning
Right now is doing much better and I feel like it's a great example for others too to get inspired.
And for this week for this week Hi, who are we highlighting for this week?
So this is supposed to be very special because we've been watching you guys for a couple of weeks.
When I say a couple of weeks, I think what I meant is what Three weeks?
Right? It's been three weeks, right? Okay, two weeks.
Two weeks. It's been two weeks.
Everyone's going through a different journey, right? Some people hit the ground running really fast.
Others took their time to think about what they wanted to build And a lot of you guys run into things that you've never seen before.
And for the first time in your life you have to debug stuff built by AI.
And I don't know how you feel about that, but I think from our perspectives, it's very inspirational to see somebody going from zero to like a hundred Just vibe coding and then finding their way out of bugs So we want to dedicate once a week we want to dedicate like
An announcement to announce some of our students who we think are we think such an inspiration for everyone here.
So, um. We have a list and Mary's going to say it.
We said you had a list. Or you're picking one person.
I said, you have a list.
I do just because it was so hard to pick one person and I feel like that would be unfair for everybody else.
But like from the top of my head, I just wanted to let you know that some people are also reaching out to me in the DMs as well, not just in the general chat, especially those who are like confused or scared or just overwhelmed.
Scared. What did I do? Just kidding.
And what You didn't do enough thing. You're doing great. No, but for those that were so I just wanted to first of all say like Pravina, I just want to give a shout out to Pravena because We had a conversation before and
I could resonate with like the feelings of overwhelm and I feel like the first few weeks were really tough for many of us because we basically put you in the middle of the fire and said, you got to figure out.
And I'm just like so proud for those who have never coded before and stuck with us with us for like two weeks now and I just want to congratulate Praveena for doing great.
And setting up the login page, even though it was hard to figure out And I have another second person that I think is worth highlighting hi Feel free to like add more people too. But these are just like from the top of my head. Everyone, it doesn't mean that everybody else is not doing great. In fact, there are so many amazing people, but I know that you guys are already doing great.
I mean, you're already like an A-list, but I'm talking about people who have been struggling a little bit and I just want to give a shout out to those people.
And second person I had in mind was Kelsey. I just think that you're doing amazing, Kelsey.
You did a great, like, I know you were struggling with your data set and then you said, wait a minute, let me regroup.
Let me see what's important. And then you completed the thing and you even put on the demo. So I think that was awesome.
So we'd love to highlight more people, more like stories like these. So feel free to share like your struggles or whatever you're feeling in the DM or even general chat because later on You're going to overcome them and we're going to celebrate you.
So I just want to like say congratulations guys let's let's keep building
Thank you, Mary. That's very kind of you. Thank you.
Great job, Pravena. Yeah.
Yeah, thank you so much. Appreciate the kind words.
Awesome. Happy to hear this. Great.
I think that's all I wanted to say. Hi. Unless you had more people to highlight.
No, I don't. But today we're going to try a new drawing tool called Thick Jam.
Does anyone here know what Fig Jam is?
Nobody. Okay.
This is similar to Figma because I've heard of figma
Yeah, it is a tool from Figma. Anyone here knows what Figma is?
Yep.
Yeah.
Anyone here had, okay, I see some nods So Figma, let me just share my screen real quick
What a great segue. So Figma is a uh design tool. It's a tool for designers to create mock-ups and stuff like that for mock-ups you know to working in a development team so designer can work with developers and now you can even make a design and then export it as code.
Which is really cool. Side fun fact, my sister works at figma So I'm supposed to be like.
The cool techie little brother but then my sister has more interesting job.
It's like a rivalry that never ends, unfortunately. But I'm going to send out this link for you guys so that we can all hop on this big jam together.
So let me jot this in the chat real quick.
Okay. Oh, yeah.
Is it going to have space for all of us?
Okay, I'm seeing orange so fast. I'm going to just drop this thing in.
Hello, everybody. When I was at my last job.
Whenever we're on like a fig jam with like 20 or 30 people or so You have to pay really close attention so that your cursor doesn't touch someone else's cursor without their consent.
Otherwise, everyone gets into trouble.
Okay, everybody. Today, we're going to be talking about arguably one of the most important foundation towards understanding agents.
There's a couple of topics we're going to talk about. One of them is tool calling and the other one is structured outputs.
So let me just write that out here real quick. One is tool calling.
And then I like how everyone just all of a sudden just stops when I start typing. The other one is structured.
Outputs. Okay, so I have a question for everyone here.
Oh, there's a table. Hold on. Hold on. There we go. That's way better.
We have an upgrade, guys. This is not… free excali draw.
Silliness. Multi-billion dollar multi-billion company's tool okay so tool culling and structure outputs. I'm sure for some of you guys, these are familiar terms so Does anyone want to take a jab at explaining what tool cooling is.
On the call?
It's a tool call is to my understanding is like a plugin to the LLM to do the work that by default llm may not be able to do it. Structured output would be something to have a standard response structure so that you can parse it like a JSON or something.
So that you can parse the output and do the next steps.
Okay. I'm just going to correct that first part that you said there real quick So for tool calling What it means is that it's a large sandwich model plus an application.
So the large language model is taking in an input And it's basically fine-tuned or pre-trained in a way so that If the input has a list of tools on the output, it will output the tool that is the most relevant for the conversation.
That's basically it. So for example, I say to an LLM that, hey, you are an expert at a couple of different things. You have access to a tool that get you the weather. You have access to a tool that get you the stock price.
And the next message I have for it is What is the current… the stock price for Tesla, I know it's going to go, it's been going down for a while. So I'm like, what's the stock price for Tesla?
Large language models nowadays is smart enough to know that, hey, I'm asking for a particular tool and it's supposed to choose a tool as long as I put that little prompt in my system message that says, you are an expert at choosing tool or you have access to these tools and you only output the tool.
So like you only… realistically, you only have to worry about prompting it to use tools If you're using an open source model.
If you're using a model that is like kind of have no infrastructure around it. So kind of like a llama 3.3 that is you setting up from scratch.
But if you're hitting like OpenAI, if you're hitting like any frontier models right now like cohere or anthropic.
You usually have a parameter that allows you to turn on this thing called tool calling.
And then you're passing a list of tools and then it will do that for you. And Sarga was right that for tool calling.
Do you now move from an LLM doing just, you know.
Text generation to now LM deciding what code to run or what functions to run.
So that's basically it. So does anyone want to like… took a jab at recapping what I just said.
Just to see if you like… understood what tool calling is.
And you can say it wrong. I don't care. I'll tell you.
There's nothing wrong with that. Yeah.
Sure. Sure. So utilizing external APIs and other tools with an LLM to call on them is my Getting that correct?
Yeah, that's pretty much it. And not, you know, not constrained to just third-party APIs. These are literally just like code function. So like when you write like, you know, a function in JavaScript Like that's one of the use cases. So go ahead and write that under tool calling, like the definition that you just said.
Ooh, we got to write things.
Yeah, I'm like getting lazier and lazier every week so Starting today, I'm not writing the tables. Next week, I'll let somebody else do the presentation.
Oh, my God. I don't think there's permission though to write
Okay. Approve. Let's see. Oh, hmm.
Was this in, let's see if this… Okay, can you guys write now?
Let's see.
Nope, it won't work.
So anticlimactic. Hold on. Can view, can edit, can edit.
Yeah, double click inside and start typing. I was able to.
Edit. Okay, can you guys edit now?
Yeah, you're right.
All right. I think autumn, it's Autumn's turn.
I think we need to do there's on the panel in the bottom it says view only. You need to ask to edit and then it automatically approves you.
That's what happened to me.
I think I made it so anyone can edit now. Maybe you need to refresh or something.
Yeah, refresh.
Ooh, somebody's typing something.
Dwayne, that's not your turn. It's on.
It's working now. Okay, hang on.
Dwayne didn't type anything.
Oh.
Dwayne's like, not me.
I'm trying to think of another word other than just tools.
There we go. Thank you.
Yeah, so it could be external functions, internal functions, like internal in terms of like inside of your application.
Yeah, so while we're doing that, let me pull up the AI SDK.
And I'll show you guys what how you can do that in how you can do that In here so in here You can go into the documentation, you can look up tool calling.
Let's see. Tool calling. Yeah. So this right here Tools are objects that can be called by the model to perform a specific task. Aisdk core contains three elements, description, parameters, execute.
Okay, so now that we know that when you give a list of tools to a large language model and tell it that, hey, you can use these tools.
It will return back the tool name. Not only that, it can also return back the parameters or the arguments that can go inside of the function.
So for example, I have like get weather function And inside of the get weather function, I have like an argument for like city name The large language model is smart enough to look at my query and be like, hey, okay, this person is asking about like.
San Francisco. So I'm going to extract that and then throw that into the tool call and then run the tool with the new parameter.
So let's take a look at the… the sample code here.
So here, if you're using Next.js and TypeScript. And you're using AI SDK, what you'll see is you can Basically, you use the same method as when you were generating regular text.
It still generate text and then you pass in like your GPT-4-0 whatever But then you have this like property that you can pass in. This property called tools. And then in here, what you can do is you can pass in like, you know.
Different tools. So the way you do that is you create a property name And then the property value.
So it could be weather, it could be like stock, it could be whatever As long as you don't have like a space between.
And then you use this thing called tool, which you import from the AI SDK.
To define the actual tool that the AI can use. And this is really funny because This is basically giving it to the large language model, which means that the tool name actually matters.
So you just want the tool to do like get information from Tavili or get information from web Or maybe the tool is called web search.
Then you need to call it the web search. You can't just call it like XYZ.
Because that affects the decision-making process from the ALM. And as your application gets a little bit more complex, what you really want to do is not only have a good name for your tool, but also have a good description.
The description tells the LLM when to use it. And feel free to, in the description, give it examples of when to use it. So for example, let's say a tool, your application has a tool for the LLM to Do web search, tell it when to use it. So tell it like, okay, so if you're looking at the messages history, you're looking at
The retrieval and you don't see enough information to answer the user's question.
You must use a web search tool so that in that case, it'll trigger the web search tool when the situation calls for it.
Yeah, and then… There are two ways to, like this goes for both Python people and Next.js people.
There are two ways to do what you would do with the Catool after it's been chosen.
You could either… choose like you either just look at the result as it is because right now what happens is it's going to like just give you like the weather tool as like, hey, based on our conversation, I have chosen this tool
But using a wrapper SD like library like the AI SDK allows you to execute the tool as well.
So before you had to like parse it and say, okay, so because it chose web search, I have to run this function But here you have a callback.
That you can pass in here. So let's say your web search tool is Tavilly. This is where you pass in the Tavili function.
And then it'll get executed on the front end or the back end, depending on like what kind of application you're building.
And… Yeah. And then it gets more complicated than that. So, so far… Do any of these things make sense to you guys on like a high level?
In terms of tool calling. If you have questions, just ask me right now.
So generally, in the prompt itself we specify right like if you want to use this, if you want to fetch weather, then use this tool or something like that.
Yeah. Yeah, you should absolutely do that. You should absolutely do that.
Is that not the case here?
In multiple places than speaking from experience. So you have the system message.
That's why you should say it. You should say that you have access to these.
Five, 10 different tools. Each one does X, Y, Z.
Okay.
And then you specify again in the description. And then you specify again in the parameters. So the parameters would be like k if XYZ is available, then you got to insert that. So the parameter goes inside of the function, right? Like function has arguments.
Those are just parameters. Yeah, so you have to specify a couple of different places.
So the system message and then the description of the tool.
And then in the description of the tool, feel free to give it examples.
Colloquially, we call this a few shot, even though it's not technically fine tuning on pre-training. A few shots just mean like, you know, you give it, you give the model, like.
A couple of different examples so that it knows how to when to do something better.
How does that sound, Segar?
Yep. Yep. I was also wondering, is this the like similar to AI SDK is this provision also available through any other frameworks Or like OpenAI's SDK itself, can we do that as well?
Yeah.
Yeah, so it gets a little bit more complicated than that. And I'll explain right here.
Everybody gather around. I'm going to explain this. Okay, we got the LLM.
Tool calling is an LLM thing The infrastructure around it, like the AI SDK, is just the software engineering stuff around it.
To make your life easier. So the LLM should be… fine tune.
Hold on. New tool. How do I, what's the best way to do this actually Let's see.
I know I have sticky notes in here. Let me try to find… Oh, there they are. Sneaky.
Boom, there you go. Okay, we got LMs.
So has to be fine tuned to use tools otherwise low performance.
And we see this from models like GPT-3. So GPT-3 was able to use tools, quote unquote, but it was terrible at it like you have to tell it like 20 times when to use what in order for it to
Be able to pick the right tool. Later stage models, like starting with gpt4 And this is actually a reason why GPT-4 kind of kickstart the whole agent stuff.
Back in 2023 like before GPT-4 like it's just really hard to build agents um GPT-4 was sort of… fine-tuned to be able to use tools When given the opportunity to use tools.
And it was able to pick tools based on the situation of the conversation, very situationally.
So this is a very LLM thing. We haven't talked about the software part yet And this is not AI SDK, not Light LLM, not anything like that.
If you have an LLM and if you just run it on your computer and you tell it like, oh, I… There are tools you can use. It can do this as long as you prompt it really well.
And that's why… SDKs or libraries like Libraries like Langchain AI SDK.
I don't know if ALM does this, but I know Pydantic ai or you know open ai agents, SDK.
They all have… built-in problems.
Built-in problems for tool use. The reason for that, this is because If you were to go and try to prompt a model to use tool today, you're not going to get that great of an experience compared to somebody who has been doing this for a while.
And this is the same reason why libraries like Langchain was created.
Which is because there are patterns that have been repeated over and over. So people just kind of build a library around it and then Now you just have this pattern that you can just plug in. So whenever you declare a tool in Langchain.
There's a whole set of problems behind that that says. You are and blah, blah, blah. You can use this tool and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
But you had to click through a bunch of stuff to see it because it's in the library's code. It's not visible to you.
All you see as a user of Langchain or as a user of AI SDK All you see is that, oh, I can just… put like a little like tool thing here and it'll just work but There's like a whole bunch of like hidden prompts behind it.
And this is all like prompting stuff. You'll see like, you know, if you pass in a super small model, it'll do terribly and you pass in a modern and recent model like GPT-4-0, it will do really well.
Because it's the same prompts behind the scenes, but then is the model smart enough to even use tool, that kind of stuff so If you end up using like any of the frontier models today and you use like a library like
The ISDK or light LLM or lang chain you'll likely you'll have like… like the probably the most consistent experience with using tools, you'll be fine basically Unless you're trying to push the boundaries and like give it like a bunch of tools or your use case is like kind of niche then you might need to like
Optimize stuff here and there but Yeah, so that's the behind the scenes. So you need an LLM that knows how to call tools, you need a set of infrastructure, software infrastructure around it so that it can like create tools and in a clean code way and then like
Potentially be able to execute it in a clean way That's why we use these SDKs so that you know this could have been like not 20 five times more amount of code if you don't use like a library like this to set up these tool calling stuff.
Yes, I hope that makes sense why, you know. S-a-i-s-d-k and stuff like that.
Exists and why they work with tool coding and all these things.
Hi. By any chance, do you know of any open source models that work like at least semi well with tools?
Yeah. Yeah, Quan models do really well. I know Deep Seat does decently as well Anything that's came out recently, they all have like tool calling baked in Because this is like, like I said in the beginning, this is the foundation of
Knowing how to run agents. The reason why Asians is super useful is because they can interact with applications and third-party external APIs, right?
All through tool calling. But I want to like introduce you guys to this thing as well.
Small agent. So there are two school thoughts to this, right? There's a school of thought that says, hey, if we just lay out all the tools.
And if you think about MCP, MCP is basically tool calling, by the way.
There's a server that has a bunch of tools. And the description of when to use these tools. And then your agent is kind of like, oh, I'm reading all these descriptions.
And I have this task I need to do. I'll just call the tool that I need. That's what this whole MCP thing is about.
Tools and then your agent goes to the tools and like, I'll read all this and I'll run the thing that I need.
But there's two school thoughts. Let's going back to fig jam here.
The tool school thoughts, you either do um tool calling.
Let's see. You either do tool calling Or you do… Code generation.
So there are a couple of papers that came out Not recently. There are some that came out recently but argues that you get better performance when running like like the end goal the end goal End goal is… uh to
To run a process of some kind, maybe like call external API or external you know change a front end thing.
That kind of stuff. So either of these would help you accomplish that. But the more beginner friendly stuff is tool calling And some people argue that, hey, like, you know, if you allow the model to generate code.
Based on the specs. So the specs is just like, you know, the description of like the tool and stuff like that you get better performance. So like instead of writing like, hey, you have access to get weather and get stocks
They let the model write out what get stocks is in Python.
Or they'll let the model write out like get weather in python And then they argued that because there's more flexibility there.
The model can write the right function to call the right endpoint.
Instead of like being you know constrained in a function that you wrote for the model.
But you don't have to worry about this right now. Just know that there are two school thoughts out there.
One has let the model write code in a sandbox and two is uh you only have access to these tools and just run either one.
Yeah. But the end goal is always, I need to like do something And that's why, you know, next week we're going to talk about Asians. And Asians require this knowledge to For you guys to understand it.
How does that sound? Does tool calling make sense to everybody?
Okay, okay. Is anyone doing tool calling right now in their projects?
I am, and I'm using Quinn. I tried using DeepSeq, but I think that there's some sort of incompatibility issue with Landgraph and DeepSeep because when I tried it, it says like DeepSeak does not support tool calling, which I found surprising.
But um
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. What did I tell you about like the hidden problems? Langchain is just full of those problems. You gotta like just click, click, click, click, click, and you'll see like some some like half-baked prom that doesn't work with deep sea.
Yep. I'm going to implement your idea about like inserting like a tool calling prompts in multiple places. So there's the system prompt, there's the prompt for the agent and self and you you also said for the description. Can you remind me a real quick where the description description goes?
Yeah. Yeah, system message for the agent or like for your LLM, your router or whatever And then the description, the name of the tool also needs to be very descriptive.
For example, if you have a tool that calls your crum like This is a let's call it like tool to update contact in CRM. Like that's something that has to be very descriptive like that. And then you go to the description
Here, you've got to be very specific about the tool again And then you give examples of when to run the tool.
And then in the parameters, make sure that, you know, whatever arguments you have for the function again reiterate and like just say like this is when to run it and this is how you get the information from the conversation history
Yeah, so just kind of like repeat yourself in the description And can I repeat a little bit more in the parameters And like the system message for the agent.
Yeah. Anyone else?
I think I saw some nods, people using tool calling If you want to give an example of what you're using it for, feel free to unmute yourself and say it.
Everyone decides to be shy, huh? I saw some nods. I'll point you out if you don't repeat yourself.
I can stop. That's a good idea, actually. Feel free to point out, put people on the spot, but I could share my use case.
Mm-hmm.
So… I'm building an agent to research some topic that the user gives.
And one of the, so I'm assuming I will have two tools. One of them is a web search And another one is the writer.
Mm-hmm.
And I'm using OpenAI SDK agents actually after we had a conversation about Which agent framework will last but um So it's an interesting library, actually, because you can use agents as tools as well. But anyway, so… The context is also interesting how you should pass context between those tools as well because mine depends. The second the writer technical tool depends on the context of the
Mm-hmm. Nice. That's the use case right there.
First soul gives me from the web search.
Anyone else?
Honestly, I'm not in the way that you just explained, but I'm kind of making a function call But I would prefer to make it now the way you explained like instead of Right now, it's more of like a workflow for me
Where so my agent is basically uh reviews, pull requests.
Give some suggestions on the git on the pull request on the There's another agent which reads through those comments and incorporates those changes automatically into the code.
So mostly my tools are revolved around github apis where I would need to fetch some details from the pull request code or some tools would be around getting parsing the code and getting some relevant function or class to get some context or something like around that so
At the moment, it's like a workflow, which is very very controlled the way I want.
It's not like orchestrated as such that you know hey, LLM, call this whenever you need have a need So I feel that it's more of like orchestrated flow.
Not like a…
Yeah, I wouldn't change a thing about it. The reason for that is because forcing the model to call only one tool is actually a use case.
And that's why OpenAI has this thing called force tool calling Because tool calling is like a really great way to extract parameters people realized um if you don't do that and you say that, hey, like, I just want it to like
Extract like a list of stuff and then and then you like heuristically pass those values to like a a real function to call after that it's actually not as performant as like hey you have It's not as performant as telling the model, hey, you have access to one tool and this tool takes these arguments
Find the arguments from me from the uh from the conversation.
So… function calling. That's why they made it so there's an option so that there's an option So by default, a model from OpenAI, for example, will not call a tool if the situation doesn't require it to call a tool.
It will actually tell you in in like Natural language.
Just kind of continue the conversation. So for example. You tell it that you have access to like two tools. One is get weather, the other one is stock get stock prices.
And then you say like, who's like… 40th president of the United States and it'll actually like most of the time for like open AI model, it'll just respond back in natural language.
Just like how you would otherwise not have any tools given to it.
But you can have this thing where you can force a to call so that it'll always like get weather or always like get stock prices. So if you ask that question.
It'll actually come up with some weird stuff. To like pass into one of those functions to like force a sket weather or like force get stock prices Which turns out to be very useful in which real world scenarios because real world scenarios
A lot of times the conversation usually hints towards something And user doesn't really like explicitly ask for it.
So in cases like in cases like Hey, like, you know, I'm… I'm asking the model some questions. I'm asking the AI some questions and it doesn't have access to a bunch of stuff But sometimes models are not smart enough
To go online unless you say now go online and search for stuff, then, you know, the tool hit rate is way higher But sometimes we want the model to be like smart enough to know that, hey, we're talking in circle here and just go online and search for stuff.
And that's when like forced toll calling in And that's why like there's some like really interesting patterns where you can do stuff like you have a tool so you have like a AI chat bot or whatever.
And then this chat bot has like um web search tool.
And then what people realize that this is what I do as well is that you can basically… Let the chat bot have a normal conversation with you while having a web search tool by wrapping another tool called another I don't know, conversate.
And then this would actually like based on the situation of the conversation, what was happening in the message's history usually it will know when to call conversate and just talk like a normal chatbot.
And then when when to like call the web search tool.
And then there are some models that you can do web search and then conversate in multiple tools in different steps as well.
Which, if you want to ask me about it, I can show you.
So this is like apparently more performance than just having the web search tool?
And then force it to like talk when it doesn't need to For whatever reason, like these models are not You know, we're just trying to figure out what to do with these models.
That is from what I've known like if you have like this, all of a sudden now it's like good at talking and also decent at using tools.
But if you don't have it, now it's like, don't know when to talk and don't know when to use tools.
So there's a pattern where you're like. You can basically constrain whatever the model is trying to do into like tools so like if you wanted to talk, you have a talk tool. If you wanted to web search, have a web search tool. And if you want it to like
I don't know, reiterate or like talk to her a certain way. You have another… tool so you can even have stuff like, you know.
Conversate and then, you know, conversate like a pirate or something.
So… I think basically like tool calling just means that hey like you are allowed to do these things.
Do the right thing at the right time, basically. And… Yeah, I hope this doesn't confuse you guys too much.
Okay, Oren's like nodding, so I guess this is very confusing.
Just a little bit confusing. Okay, cool. Yeah, so tool cooling gets pretty deep. We'll talk more about it in our agent stuff next week.
And I know some of you guys are already doing tool calling. So cigar, I wouldn't change a thing about it about your workflow If it's supposed to be a workflow, then it's supposed to be a workflow. Don't make it like chain of thought and stuff and then it will go with the wrong tools.
And then you have like a worse performing workflow. I mean, that's just my two cents.
Okay, structure outputs. Anyone wants to… took a jab at this.
I saw Dwayne, unmute him and unmute himself again. This man changed his mind.
Sorry. Oh, sorry.
I was going to say, oh, go ahead. Go ahead.
Thinking about the tool calling again and had a quick question.
So is the, just to reiterate, is the goal of having these tools is to have constraints around what the can do like give it guardrails to what it can do rather than, for example, in my project, it's to retrieve
Information, right? So instead of just giving it to AISDK and be like, oh, retrieve all this for me.
I say that you are this and you can retrieve so and so information based on this and this. So I have a tool around that.
Set that.
Pretty much. And then if you if you're… AI needs to do something else, you just wrap that inside another tool.
Yeah.
And another tool could be like an LLM call. Like, it could be like… just a generate text call like this.
With like a no tools and just like Here's the message's history and just continue the conversation.
The tool can be called Continue the Conversation. And now it cannot do anything outside of like these two things.
Got it.
Which is a great thing to do with tool calling. And you're absolutely right. People use tool coding to do gut rails as well. I do that as well.
Tool calling is just a way to force the model to be like constrained into doing certain things.
And not anything outside of that. Which is great because then I can always have a tool in my router So my router is kind of like basically an LLM call that says like you have a couple of options to continue the conversation.
And one of my tools would be to reject the users.
Requests. And then I have a description for that. It says like, hey, we should find this tool when the user is asking about something inappropriate.
Then that's supposedly like make it more performant when it sees like request that comes in that is not appropriate and then it will actually choose the tool as opposed to like try to reject that by sending back like, hey, as an AI model, I can't do that or whatever.
In that sense, you can also control what you send back.
And then there's a pattern where you can say like. I can wrap these uh I can wrap canned responses in tools as well.
So if you have like a line that you always tell people when they're doing something inappropriate, you can wrap that like you can hard code that into a string and then wrap that inside a tool.
That says respond to inappropriate requests. So that you can say like somebody said something inappropriate, it will run that tool and then you'll always send back like a particular response that you yourself have chosen.
Like, because sometimes you don't want it to say like as an AI model, right? Sometimes you want it to say like.
Yeah.
Oh, you should contact administrator or whatever so that's Now, under your control, right?
Makes sense. Thank you.
So… Yeah. Okay. Dwayne, you want to Do JSON mode real quick or structural output.
By the name of it, I was going to kind of guess that the output So it's a way to make sure that the output that the model gives you is in a specific structure more specific format. I was going to be my guess.
Pretty much. Even though we have the table like this, but structure outputs predate tool calling.
Because we had structure outputs. Which is, you know, if you tell like a model, hey, like return JSON so that, you know, JSON is more friendly to your database format Back in like 2023, 2022, it was really hard to do that
The model would return broken JSON with like, you know, maybe it's missing like a curly bracket at the end or maybe like properties are wrong and stuff like that. But nowadays, most frontier models can do this really well.
So structure outputs just mean, hey, if you want to give me JSON so that it's now structured data for me to use in my either calling in the next function or saving this data into my database That's pretty much it, the structured outputs.
If you use something like Langchain Again, there's a hidden prompt inside of like the um Langchen.
Structured output. Function.
Oh, hold on. Let me find the latest one.
Yeah, so… This right here with structure output, there's like a promise behind that that says You are a JSON expert or whatever. You only return JSON and then say that 10 times.
And then hope that the model will actually do that. There's a problem with like.
Trying to get the model to return a structured output like you know kind of a json like this or a JSON like this. And it always returns like sometimes I return with that like this clear bracket here or something wrong, maybe like a missing quote right here
So what some companies do is that they introduced fine-tuned models, models that I fine-tuned to just do JSON. So OpenAI has one, Gemini has one.
So when I say Gemini, I mean, if you go to Google AI Studio.
And then you're trying to like run a query, what you can do is you can go to the side panel here, as you can see.
They call it function calling, but it's actually tool calling. Just the same thing.
But structure output right here. So you can turn this on and then you can edit it.
Usually you want to give it like a some sort of schema so that you can follow.
So for example, if you want the output to be like, I want it to look like this and then, you know, these properties, these keys are.
What is Oren laughing about?
I was struggling with the structured outputs for two days now.
Oh. Which model are you using?
Only to realize it's right there. Hey, Jimmy.
Okay, so did you give it a schema? Oh.
Not yet, but I was walking on it like half an hour before we started this and I'm going to work on it now.
Okay, so the easiest way to do a schema here is you can code out your JSON here, but I'm like severely dyslexic, so I don't know when to like tab stuff.
So what I do is I usually go to the visual editor And now I can start adding properties. So for example, if your use case like I'm looking at businesses from my web search.
I need to, so I'm scraping a website and then I need just the structure output of like the business, like, you know, business name, business ID, whatever.
So I can type it out like this business name. There should be a string and then you can mark something as required or not required Something like that was required and then maybe like business address optional. And then now if I go back to this, I get a pretty
Pretty nice JSON schema. So this basically tells the model, especially the fine-tuned models from OpenAI or Gemini.
That, hey, this is the format that I want at the end. You need to follow this.
And then if you don't follow this, you will be fine 200 bucks. That might actually work in the prom.
Try that. But yeah, so the model will look at this and be like, okay, I'll try my best to generate something that adheres to this kind of schema.
So easiest way to do it through Gemini is to go on Google AI Studio, click, click, click, click right here, type up, type, type some stuff, and then you have a Jason thing here. Openai has a better thing. And this is what I ran into in my hackathon, I gotta tell you guys.
So when I was doing the hackathon, say, I want to try like the project that I built.
I know some people did. But the tool, basically what it does is it looks at a code base and then it tries to generate a bunch of steps on how to like recreate a feature from that code base.
So that's basically a structured output problem. I want a list of objects from an input string, which is basically the entire code base concatenated into one big string.
So I try to use Gemini. And what happened was, because the code input was so long that by the time it tries to generate the JSON, it always generated with that like missing like stuff and then it turns out that JSON at the end was broken. It couldn't be parsed by like regular code.
So that's the key. If the JSON couldn't be parsed by regular code at the end, that means the JSON is broken and you need to like refine how you do structure output.
So what I did was I knew that OpenAI has this thing called strict mode.
Which means that so they advertise this mode as um You get JSON 100% of the time, guaranteed.
Strict mode. So, for example, we have a similar situation here where we declare like, you know.
So we have a tool here. And then we declare the schema for stuff And then, actually, this is just tool calling a lot.
I need strip mount.
Strict, strict, strict. There we go. So streak mode.
So we still declare like a, you know. Like a JSON object, kind of like what we saw in Gemini.
But in OpenAI, their API has this thing called strict Which means that it will guarantee that a valid JSON will get sent back to you?
100% of the time. I'll get into the caveats to that, but you guys probably won't see it.
But this makes our lives much easier because then you don't have to like catch errors for json which is ridiculous, right? Like sometimes it's missing this, sometimes it's missing that, and then the whole thing breaks but here you can always
Rely on it providing your JSON. Now, if the JSON is valid or not, I mean, the JSON is useful or not, that's another story, but you always get a JSON that doesn't break your code.
Using this thing called strict mode. So for example.
So the caveat of this is that it's slower. So it takes about twice the amount of time to generate.
And the reason for that is because when you turn on streak mode, your request is now hitting a different API. And this API has both a fine-tuned model that does JSON and some heuristic code to kind of like error and backtrack and all that stuff.
So that your JSON will come out to you always valid.
So if you want, like, you know. Kind of worry-free JSON schema structure output, you could always look at strict mode right here If you disable streak mode, it's faster but then There's a 10% chance that it'll be broken.
But if you've turned on streak mode, it will always be valid.
For example, for Gemini if I were to stick with Gemini for my hackathon project, I would have to Just coat just you know regular coat right here Kind of like this.
You know run the call to Gemini, blah, blah, blah, get the JSON. But then at the end, I had to like check whether or not it's a valid JSON. And if it's not a valid JSON, I have to take the error message.
And then pipe it right back to the model to be like, hey, fix this. And then hopefully the second time around, it will be able to fix it.
Yeah, so how does that sound for everybody? This is structured upward.
This is…
Use cases, use cases is just scraping a website and trying to find like the website has like 10 businesses on it and you don't want the string format because you can't save that to your database.
You can do structure output to be like hey I want all this to be a list.
And each item in a list is an object. Now you have a clean list, like save to your database instead of like one long website that's been scraped.
So that's one. Another thing is… you know you're parsing long documents and you're like, oh, I'm just looking for like this particular information piece of information Or I'm just looking for like three key information and you can create a schema that says something like
Address Maybe like somebody sent you like an email and you just wanted the email address.
And then you want like, you know. I don't know. This is kind of like reaching but actionable items And this could be like an array of string or something like that.
Then, you know, you would have an easier time parsing it if it comes back as JSON?
And the whole idea of like a structured output is that it's very friendly to your code.
After the LM. Lm puts out like text and free form text and stuff like that, but it's not very code friendly but friendly If it's structure output, then it's very friendly to the next step you want to do in your
In your pipeline or whatever.
It seems like responses API and OpenAI doesn't have the strict mode.
Oh, that's like the new API from them, right?
Yeah so because i had the similar issue, but I was curious, by the way what do you think about the difference between using base model from Pydantic and just the JSON format?
Base model you can so Pydantic is just a way to declare a schema So the same way you would do with like a TypeScript interface or a Zot schema The reason why some libraries allow you to use Pydantic to like
Declare a schema like this is because it gets converted to this before it hits the model.
Pydantic is just for you. It's for your developer experience.
If you're a Python dev, you would rather be writing identic classes as opposed to like writing this stupid like JSON and you know how many like you know you have to know when to tap, which is like the thing that I hate the most
How many taps is it, right? Like, is this like four or five, right? Like… Unless you have like… ESLint or whatever or like prettier, you wouldn't be able to tell But if you have base model from like Pydantic, then you can just create a class for like
Like this could be a class, right? Parameters could be a class in Pythic. And then in here, instead of declaring like a vomit here, you just say equals to parameter class. And that will be so much nicer than And then the parameter class could be reused somewhere else. So the reason why we use zod and
Typescript and Pydantic is because we can The coat looks nicer. You can reuse those classes in different schemas.
This is basically like hard coding stuff. But this is what the model sees. You're a pattern pedantic class will be converted to this before it hits the model.
I thought they got popular because they're more performant or something.
I don't know why people, I guess it's just the developer experience then.
The model doesn't know what the, I mean, the model knows what a Pydemic class is but like the API endpoint requires you to hit it with a JSON like this.
Cool. Got it.
Yeah.
And do you have to use tool calling to get a structured response, like structured output response, or can we do it without okay
Nope. You can do toe calling with the structure output. You can do toe calling With structure.
Oh, yeah. You can do structure output with that tool calling. So you can have like a basically like a conversation with an AI and be like.
No, no, no, sorry. The other way. I want a structured output, but do I need to It's…
Every time I ask you something, you just kind of respond with a JSON. I only would do that for you.
Okay, so this is, I can bake this structure into my prompt
Yeah, you should. But if you hit open AI models, you send that as part of your schema.
So that would be like something like… Let me see if I can find an example here.
Mm-hmm.
I have shared an example in the chat. That's exactly I was also going to ask you like it's for getting structured output, I was able to use the prompt itself to get me the desired format from the LLM.
Yeah. So usually…
Yeah.
I am doing that right now, but I feel like there are like my it's uh there are issues in how it's getting parsed into my database and I feel like it's probably something to do with my output response not good.
Yes. So they're… two places you have to do it. First is in the system message and the second is in like whatever the property that the API allows you to pass in the schema.
So let me try to find if the… schema 4 because when you hit open ai or if you're using like AI SDK, there's a schema property that you can pass in which hits which gets passed through to OpenAI or to whatever
Model provider. So you need to find that.
Let's see if I can find it. So it usually comes with like the um Oh, it's called generate object. That's what it's called.
Generate object. Yeah.
Yeah, so usually If you hit the OpenAI SDK directly, there's also a schema property. If you hit it through AI SDK, There's a schema property.
And then you can pass your schema here, which is usually a JSON or zot schema And then if you want better performance, you say the whole schema again in your in your um In your prompt it says prom yeah but you didn't have like system message
So basically, you want to kind of like reiterate that you want this particular format.
In the schema property and in the prompt. Ideally.
I wonder if… Yeah, pretty much like just same thing with like function calling. So you can kind of It knows that there are these functions you can call, but then you also want to tell it again. And this is very anecdotally like
I do that. But then again, I don't know. I actually don't know if I should take that out It'll still work just as well. But I think I put that in for this particular reason, which is like it wasn't doing well so i had to like
Can I repeat? When, why, use what and what format in the system message.
Even though I have it in these correct properties.
And my schema here is basically like the database schema, right? So I have to put that in a JSON format.
Yeah, depends on what you're trying to do like trying to save it to a database? Yeah. So it's going to be like.
Yeah.
All the fields of the columns and all the whether it's string or integer and stuff like that for each so Yeah, that's a good question.
Thank you.
Hey, I am wondering given that I've been using prompt template for a while and I've been also retrieving a structured response very consistently. So I'm just wondering why different approaches and why not singular approach.
Like which one to choose then i'm i'm now a little puzzled right now.
Okay.
We're getting good performance and don't change anything. Yeah. If you don't, then now we're going to enter the territory of experimentation That's the name of the game.
That's why we have like prompt optimization library stuff. Because if it works like… That's amazing.
Keep doing that. If it doesn't work, then… There are a couple options you have.
Yeah, I wouldn't add more stuff if it's already working.
Anyways… You guys want to stick around. Maybe I'll set up some tool calling and structured output after the call.
And we want to say after the call, I mean like now.
If you want to stick around, stick around for that. If not.
Feel free to leave.
Yeah. How's that sound?
Okay, cool. Actually, before we end the lecture Let's go back to Figma. I want you guys to populate the… What's the tool calling and structure output table?
From what you learned today. And if you know more than your classmates, feel free to put stuff in there because Everyone's trying to learn, so…
This is so cool that we can write in the same environment. I just love this.
Is this their first time doing remote work, Mary? I really hate this stuff, by the way. When I pull up slack or like figma i get anxiety Spring spike memories.
Why?
That guardrail piece for tool calling is such a… hidden gem.
While you guys are doing that, keep doing that. I'm going to pull up the… code for for stuff.
Oh, this is my hackathon project. That's so funny.
Are you going to open source it?
I might. I might.
I'm trying to think what to do with it. Like so a bunch of VCs like reached out After my presentation, after my pitch.
And they were like, oh, I need this stuff like two weeks ago.
Me and the team is trying to copy some features from like a very popular open source project. So, like.
Let's chat. Let's chat.
And it was difficult because this is like a developer tool right so have the VCs in the room were like non-technical So I had to really dumb it down.
So I just say like, oh, you know, when your team is like The team of developers is like trying to like replicate a feature from somewhere else and You can reduce that time from like seven days to like one day because this will just tell you what to replicate
And then half of them were like somewhat technical. So that was easier.
We'll put the circle over here.
Yeah. Oh, did I delete somebody's circle? Was it supposed to be there?
If it wasn't, my apologies. Anyways, I'm going to pull up.
About the…
Yep.
Hi, I had a question. Just thinking about a use case in my project and maybe I can reiterate that and you can correct me if I'm thinking the right way.
Hmm.
So let's say I have multiple sources to call or like cross referencing multiple apis so Is it a good thing that I'm using?
Yep. Yes.
Yes.
Calling for like, I want this application to be called for certain topic and not for like something like that
Yes. And the team at Weeviate called it agentic rack. So you basically you wrap the source of knowledge inside of a tool and then you tell it when to call the source of knowledge.
So it's a known pattern.
Like I can give it a structured query with JSON, like abstract title
I'm just going to tell it the structure it is for your arguments or your parameters.
Where's the getting started repo? Try and find it.
Is it this one? No.
What was there? Getting started? The couch desk, the vibe.
Like the very first repo that i made In the first lecture where I set up like light LLM and AI SDK. I don't know where.
You probably did on your own workshop repo, actually.
Oh.
Their bootcamp.
Okay. Okay. I don't know if I have it on my computer.
Ai workshop. Yay. Okay, so we got this i'm gonna No, we can't, I think.
He…
Start. Okay. No, it's not it.
Where am I? Where am I right now? Well, Malware now. Oh, I have two files. Okay.
Now it starts to come back to me. Okay, we pulled out this starter code and then we're going to do some stuff.
I'm glad I had this so I don't have to like set up everything again.
Okay, zoom in real quick.
Okay, so this is like… very quick ai sdk like write a short… poem. So instead of doing this What we're going to do is we're going to set up a function to I wonder if I should do tool calling
Structure output. So tool calling is basically structure output. It's a structured output of the name of the function and then the arguments that go into the function.
So let's do structure output first because that predates tool calling.
So let me pull up the documentation for AI SDK right here.
So when you're using the AI SDK, There are many ways to generate stuff.
When you want to generate text, you call the generate text method from the AI SDK library like this.
When you want to do just structured outputs, you use generate object.
So this is what we're going to be using. So I'm going to do this, go back here.
We got generate text Okay, cool.
But what I want to do is I want to create another file here Perhaps I call this Structured output.
Example.js because this is a javascript pre-bill for whatever reason.
My brother in Christ, you made the repo. I made the repo.
Okay, so to do structure outputs, you… You can do like the regular JSON stuff, which is very ugly, right? But in Next.js or in TypeScript or JavaScript, you can use this library called Zod.
Does anyone here is using the Za right now or no?
Okay, I see one hand. Dwayne, you're shaking your head. This all will make your life easier.
Cursor is also very familiar with Zod. This is how you would create a schema in Zot.
It's very clean. If you were to do this in like street JSON, then it's going to be balloon and then you can't reuse some of the schemas in different schemas.
So use R, that's what I'm trying to say. It's recommended by OpenAI.
So I'm going to be doing this. So I guess… important zod as well.
And then I'm just going to say I guess I need a schema first.
What am I trying to do? So my input, my input would be something like, um.
A website or something. Our website.
Html. See, it works with HTML and like Markdown and all that stuff too. If you pass the HTML and you're trying to get like structured output, it usually works with a strong enough model.
And then the output I want it to be I wanted to find that.
I wanted to figure out what website i want to Extract first.
Do you guys have a website that you want to like… extract information from?
I'm trying to extract a describe a lot of recipes so maybe series eats.com or something
You call it serious eats? Yeah.
Yeah.
So we're going to pick um
I like how it doesn't just give me like a recipe.
None of this is recipes. Oh, there you go. Recipe. Ooh.
I don't know so many things to choose. Um… This one looks nice. Okay, let's say we want this.
The quick and dirty way is that I want to Let's just pretend we have a tool to scrape the web.
We don't have it built in, so I'm just going to go to file crawl, which is a web scraping tool. I'm just going to paste the thing in and then What I'm going to do is I'm going to get the markdown content back
Or I think I promised you guys HTML. So I'm actually going to do that.
Include HTML content. There you go. Run again.
So I'm going to hit that website. It's going to bring back both the markdown and the HTML. So this HTML It's incredibly dense, incredibly long.
But with a good enough model, we can definitely get the response back.
I'm going to copy that and then I'm going to make new file here. I'm going to say um Recipe.
Data or something like that. Recipe. Recipe. Okay, so… I want to say this, and then I'm going to give it a… basically a string and i want it to be So I use the string literal so that I can kind of do this. Why use…
Quotes it will not do that for you. This is basically the website.
So I'm going to save it in this in here. It's called recipe.
Bring it back in here so the input would be this basically. So I'll say.
Import recipe from I'm going to say… Dot slash recipe. Thank you very much.
And then the output of this. What I want it to look like is I want… Probably, I'm going to scroll down to the steps.
Maybe ingredients and then directions. Directions could be a list of string Each step is a string.
And then… Okay.
You know what? This is the part where you use… cursor because I don't want to type all this stuff.
So I'm going to pull up chriser and be like… you'll make me… a zod schema for… recipe.
I need the following fields required. And then I need… Ingredients.
List of string i need uh steps.
List of string. And I need maybe like… time. And then I need… Time would just be like… Seconds.
And this would be a number. And then I need maybe something like…
What else? What else would Ward I care about when I make this?
It's historical significance. Why? Like, why? Why should someone make this?
And because we're dealing with AI, we're just going to let it know So that can kind of bite that in.
Maybe we can make like an effort level difficulty or something.
Okay, I like that. I actually don't know if it's in here, which is a good kind of example to see if Okay, maybe it couldn't find anything like what what is it going to do And we can maybe try to optimize them.
Like the amount of ingredients or the amount of time some sort of a combination maybe.
Yeah. But I do want to see this because I want to see like, okay, so how is it going to deal with not being able to find information from the text Okay, so we got the zod schema for recipe here and then
We have to delete that because if If the field that's required and it doesn't pass anything in, that's when our code breaks.
Actually, no, that's not when our code breaks. That's when the AI provider will send back an error and be like, yo we couldn't generate anything because we couldn't generate anything because There was one field that was required where we couldn't do anything about it.
So… Sin.
So just a quick look at my setup. I got 3.7 sonnet.
Yep.
While it's working, a quick question. Hi. For your hackathon, how did you manage to afford the tokenization cost for while reading huge codebases?
I mean you like even reading one project it would have costed you. So did you made any optimizations while reading those code bases or
Yeah, I use this tool called rebo max And there's a flag that you can enable where you can compress the the structure of the code without it losing its relationship for some reason I think, for example.
What it does, it basically treats certain functions Unless they are significant and used a lot.
It treats certain functions as like an abstract function. So it takes basically it keeps the It keeps the function name and the parameters and the return output and just leave everything in the middle blank.
So like you almost like treat it as like, no, there's no implementation, but you kind of know when to use it.
So there's compress mode. And also like i some i A lot of people use this.
I see.
Burn like $17 overnight. So I don't think… I don't think…
But which tool sorry to interrupt you which tool did you mention the name
It's called Repo Max. Let me pull mix, my bet.
Okay.
You can use this locally to like just run it against your code base and now you get like a Markdown on pretty much all the stuff in your code base.
Yep. Anyways, going back to this, we got the recipe schema Which looks fine. We're not here yet. Delete this.
Except. Recipe schema. Okay, so we're going to go back to our documentation here. So what I'm seeing here is I'm seeing a constant result here. And then this is an asynchronous function. So we have to await it.
So I'm just going to copy this right here going out here and I'm just going to say Okay, so I need to pass something into this generate object function So what goes in here? What goes in here? Okay, we've got to pass in the model. So first we're passing the model.
Model, I'm going to say GPT 4.0. Spurn some money.
And then what do you want? Oh.
It's supposed to be an object, my guys. There you go.
Model. And then I think next thing is default object generation mode json Okay, so since this is OpenAI and I just told you guys about strict mode, I wonder if I can pass in strict in here.
Yes, I can. Go away. Let's see.
Let me actually look that up. I don't know if that's true. I don't know if my linter is working well, so… Let me just double check and see if streak mode goes in there.
Should I look up Generate object here.
Because we want the documentation for testing it's different Okay, schema goes into this. So schema goes into the schema property And I hope you guys watch me do this.
Because I'm like looking at documentation. I don't know these things off the top of my head, right? So… You can totally do what I'm just doing right now.
And then you'll get there. You feel like, oh, there's a lot of stuff. Like, look at me. I'm just literally just reading the docs and trying to one stamp at a time.
So schema, we pass in the recipe schema over here, which we've declared with the Zod.
If you want to write ZART by hand, use AI. It's pretty straightforward. And then the prompt goes down here. So I wonder if I can find the strict mode in here so in here As you see, whenever I have a question about something, I'm usually just looking in through the documentation and see if I can find it.
So I type in strict and down here I see structure output from OpenAI.
Structured output true. Okay.
Okay, okay. Pdf support.
Upwards. Okay, so all it's saying here is that it says as long as I have the structure outputs to true here I'll be fine.
Which is not true. And I'm going to cheat a little bit because I looked at this during my hackathon.
There's a property that I can pass in to get Truly, truly streak mode.
So here, let me pull up my hackathon project real quick.
Strict. There we go.
So this also uses the AI SDK. And… I have to declare a strict mode in the OpenAI model client, basically.
So I can't do that in the generate Let me pull up the other code again. I can't do in the generate object method from AI SDK. I have to do it earlier in that.
So I have to do it when I create the open AI model object.
So let me scroll up here real quick. Create OpenAI from AI SDK slash open AI. Okay, so I need that.
I'm going to pass that in here. I don't know if I installed this though. Let's see There's no way for me to know. That's great.
And then… This is where I use this. Go down to where I use it. And then I have to do this.
So there's a property called compatibility And then I had to pass in the key strict here.
The value strict here to this key. So that's how you get strict mode in OpenAI when you're using OpenAI. I mean, you're using AI SDK.
Very hard to find, but now you know. Because I did find this when I was doing it.
Okay, so going back to this. Now we're pretty much good to go.
I don't know if we can still need to pass instructor output true.
Did I do it here? I don't think so. And it worked fine.
So you need the prompt.
So I think. Yes, we need to prompt. I'm trying to see if I need to like, you know, do like the thing that the documentation says. It says like structure outputs true.
So it seems like I don't have to. When I have my strict mode enabled.
Yeah, so… the prompt. The prompt is the prompt Well, the AI has already written the prompt for me, which is great.
Extract the following. Let's extract the recipe information from the provided html Return a structure in JSON with Looks great. Looks great. And the HTML here does not exist. So we're going to have to like figure out How to pass that in. We already have that right here. It's called recipe.
So we got recipe here. Okay, why the heck is it doing this okay Okay. I don't know why it's like format like this is funny.
But this is basically our website so it's good. We haven't.
All right, so… That being said, we have the schema passed in. We have a prompt here.
That tells it to extract some stuff. And we've got strict mode on. And I'll do one with that strict mode on so that you guys can see what it looks like.
And… Yeah.
Thank you, AI. That's pretty much it. That's about it.
Go to my terminal. And then this is in bootcamp AI SDK. So I'm just going to city in bootcamp AI SDK.
And I think I'm just going to have to do a note and then structured output I think last time I ran this, I need to add some stuff in the beginning. So let me see if I need that.
So… Here we have the… Actually, I don't need to do anything.
That's great, but I do need to do this, I remember from last time because… Because we're running this script on its own, it needs to load like the um the virtual and the environment variables which contains the open api key
If we don't do this, we didn't have it last time. So I think we'd struggle with that for a little bit.
Other than that, I think we're good to go. Yeah. Save.
And then I'm going to run this and something's going to happen obviously It says, cannot find package AI imported from blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Well, why is that? Oh, because it's a new computer. I didn't PNPM install.
Psych. It's almost like there's always some stuff that is just in the way, right? Always.
It's the nature of the job. And then I do this for four hours a day and I get pissed by the end.
I need to go and blow some steam. Okay, so PNPMI.
Boom, done. Now we got the note modules. Now we know we've installed some stuff here.
Run this again, please. Of course, something else happens. We need Zod. We don't have Zod. It's 9.30. Just… AI, I don't know, like, I don't… Yeah, one day we will have this bigger app for us. Oh, we have an error? Maybe just do that for you real quick.
I'll fix that for you. What else? What else do we need? Oh, yeah. Okay. So because we're running this as a script, we need And we didn't specify in our package.json, this is supposed to be a module I believe that's why we need to basically
Do this. And if you're using Next.js, you don't have to worry about any of this stuff because when you instantiate a project in next everything is just taken care of for you.
Typescript types, everything, TypeScript config All that stuff. Easy.
What else do we need to do here? I will not touch this code base ever again. I'm going to pull up like Next.js next time because this is just wasting my time.
What else? Require is not defined ES module scope you can use I was trying to accommodate I was trying to accommodate and port Thank you. There you go.
Do I need this? Maybe I do. Ron. Okay. Something else happened.
Model does not have a default object generation mode. Okay, what do you mean by that?
We have to pass this in. It's dim.
There you go. I believe that's how it's supposed to work. There we go.
Perfect. Ron. Okay. What else? What's going on?
Swear to God. Three… What?
Module type. It's not specified it doesn't specify parse as common js Which file is this?
Structure output example okay Reparsing as ES module because model does not have a default object.
Wait. This is an old… Hold on.
Hmm. This happens again. What the heck?
I thought I passed something in. Open the eye right here.
What are you talking about? Oh, I need to give it a model name, I think.
Okay, let me pull up my hackathon code again. Where do I declare it? Oh, there we go.
That's different. So OpenAI object goes into provider Options. Okay. Okay.
No, actually, that's not true. Let me backtrack that real quick.
This goes where? This goes where?
Model model is supposed to supposed to be, oh, the model is when you use this to wrap the name My God.
Okay, so I need a model right here and the model is for GPT. Thank you.
And then pass the model down here. I can't just pass the open AI object down there.
All right. What else?
Openai API key is missing. Bro, that's why I have the freaking thing here.
Okay. So I knew index.js worked.
I knew that from last time. So what did I do in here that was different?
Like other than this, can I just have this in here?
I think so. I think so.
But it's like, no. What's happening here, Chad?
Does anyone know?
Okay. This doesn't parse as a common JS module.
Well, then why does this parse as a common JS module? I didn't do anything different.
Let me think for a sec. Oh, I think I know why.
We all use require here, but in here we use like regular stuff, which is not what we're supposed to do.
I don't got time to change all this. I'm just going to say like use require here for me.
Please. Thank you very much. Looks about right.
It's like ticking back 20 years. Oh.
Requires that what do you mean? I thought this is what you wanted.
Okay. Then go in here and see this real quick.
Um.
Honestly, honestly. I'm going to pass this AI. I don't want to deal with this right now.
So if you're on Next.js, you have to think about what I'm doing right now because this is just a script running on its own.
So now we're going to let AI deal with this stuff.
So the problem is this is running as a script in Node.
And I don't remember if I declared the configuration for it to be an ES module or not.
And I'm too lazy to find out right now because it's 9.30.
So Krista is going to help me Okay.
So if it's bringing back the import statements
I don't know if that's how it's supposed to work.
But then when we add the type module to the packages on the other file is probably not going to work.
But we can try that. So we have web add type module to package.json now it's treated as an ES module so they can do like the modern type JavaScript stuff instead of this like backwards
Where do I hide? Do you give like context more than that file? Can you give like the entire folder?
The context of the agent.
Yep. Yep. You can drag a full folder in.
Okay, no need to run this. I will just, I will just accept whatever you just wrote.
So what it changed was the type module, which is a configuration silliness that has consequences, but whatever we'll accept that And then here we just switch it back to import statements here so that Because now this is treated as an ES module.
So let me run this again. Swear to God. What?
What? Oh, do I not? Oh, this is a new computer. Why do I keep thinking? I don't have a .env file in here.
Chat. My brain is so cooked right now. Okay. Env.
It's like the error message is accurate. And I'm like, no, you don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
Mary, are you seeing me having a mental breakdown on live?
Yeah, I'm actually laughing behind the mute.
Oh, it's still on? Okay, cool. Getting my API key real quick.
Api key. Starter Boot Camp. Bootcamp 2.
Create secret key copy Go down here, the API key equals to this string right here close uh run it again Yay. No.
God. What? What is it this time? Oh, okay. This module maximum context is 28,000 tokens 137,000 tokens Okay, so we got to find another recipe, my guy. It's too much.
Let's do less serious eats. I'll give you something. And…
Actually, before we do that, let me do that I have second thoughts. I have second thoughts here.
Okay, now we can continue. That's a lot of tokens, bro. Okay.
I'm down to do another recipe. I'm about to like copy less of this.
That's a lot, yeah.
So, yeah, because like, oh. A lot of this is just like the SVG icons and stuff I'd take something.
Yeah, I don't know why.
Well, that's the raw HTML. But if you want like clean markdown, you can do this.
Which is like, you know, pretty easy for a model I guess I was trying to like see if the model can like just look at straight HTML and do it.
I can just copy half of it. I don't know which half.
Just pick a different page.
Let's see.
I think… They're all going to have these like SVGs. We're not going to be able to But, you know, we can just choose because 128,000, right? And it was 137,000 tokens so If I take up half of it, it should be
Plenty of room. Yeah, let me use this.
Yeah, you can cut all the sheet and yeah
Ooh. Some creep.
What kind of recipe is that? My gosh.
Okay. Something very technical.
Something very technical.
Boom. Recipe in here. Boom, save.
Foodful machines.
All right. Running this again. Boom. Now we're talking. Now it's loading.
All right, start betting. Go and polymarket. Is this going to air out again?
I doubt it. If it airs out again, I'm just going to end. Oh, my God.
I got 50. I'm still.
Let's go.
Oh my God. What happened?
Oh, right. It was a good um generation. We just didn't parse it in our Response?
That's why it gave us like a whole bunch of stuff here.
The key is object. I'm just going to add here object and then we got ingredients, we got steps, we got uh time and effort, easy. Not sure where they got it from.
Does this say easy in here anywhere?
No. No. Nope.
Regardless of which… Oh, okay. I guess… Like I said, it's easy.
The information isn't here. Cool. Okay, let me parse this real quick and then I'm just going to Do that. One last thing, because that was a long response So when you do structured outputs in AI SDK, it comes to in the object.
Key. And then now you can save this into a DB pretty easily.
I wish I had more time to do like tool calling, but I'm getting pretty tired right now.
But yeah, structure output, and then you can parse this array, save each one into DB, stuff like that Yeah. I'm going to push this up if you guys need like a
Like…
Should the homework be for this week using tool calling Unstructured outputs in your apps?
I… I feel like we should do our… homework s like I wonder if we should even do homeworks because like you guys are all building your own stuff. Some of you guys are already using this If you haven't used this and this gives you an idea to build something, then yeah, go ahead and do it.
You're really on track to use tools and structure outputs I guess if you have questions, now's the time to ask.
Hmm.
I feel like…
Yeah, it's always about the progress in your project anyway So it doesn't really have to be about the topic.
I feel like every week we would do this week It's kind of a way to like kind of inspire you to like think about use cases to build as opposed to, oh, you have to do this.
Yeah.
Because I kind of wanted you guys to think as like Or you're building a product and instead of like me telling him what to build because like your users are not going to tell you what to build. They'll tell you what they think you should build.
We should always take it with a grain of salt. You should have some sort of like opinion about what you're trying to build and have tastes around what's important.
And then deliver it. Because people will be asking for horses, right? We ask them.
But they want to make cars.
Structured outputs.
I think that French main yeah there we go. So it should be on here now
Boom. Yeah. Yep, that's it for tonight.
We're like, what, four weeks away, including this week?
Oh, I thought it's like a six weeks. Okay. We're three weeks away.
Three weeks.
You guys gotta get on it, you know? If you need anything, let me know. Let Mary know.
We're here for you guys. But I want you guys to cross the finish line. I want you guys to deploy your projects.
I feel super proud about it. Type shit. Well, I mean, this is like recorded, so… I should have said that. But I said that a lot during the hackathon.
That's what you should be talking about, actually. And walking us through your project, that would have been more fun for me at least.
Oh, I mean, if you're sticking around, let me do that right real quick.
Oh my goodness.
Quick, quick 30 seconds overview. What this does is it does Here, let me pull it up. Pmpm dev.
I think it should be learning right now. 2000 perhaps. Yeah, so this is what it looks like. You can drop in like a github url any project. And it should be able to tell you how to rebuild it.
Feature by feature. So let's say we have the, we have this for example I don't know if I can do like nested Yeah.
No, it's short. It's not fun.
What? Oh, it can't do nested.
So let's see if I do click on my GitHub, try to find something Kind of like a script.
Dulenga.
Yeah, I must go right here. Go here, drop the URL in, explore.
So it pulls in basically all the code from that particular repo.
And then, you know, you can check, you see, oh, this is the actual repo. I can read the code from here.
But that's the special part. The special part is in this tab right here. It says features walkthroughs But I'm going to show you this first. So there's this thing called lms.txt which means that This is basically the entire code base that I just pasted in.
But in one long string so that this can be used when I go to cursor, I can paste this whole thing in and start asking questions.
That's cool, but this right here is what I spend most of my time on.
It's called features walkthroughs. So what it's doing right now is it basically looked at this And that it ran.
Gemini 2.0 flash to… kind of like look up all the features that is available in the code base.
And let me show you that real quick. So I use a server function, server action For this, I think it's called… generated features we have.
And then here, what I do is I ran the um I ran the AI SDK generate object function that we just saw earlier.
And then I pass in a schema and then I have a system message and the prompt that says analyze this code base and And here's what the schema looks like.
It's also Zod and it's basically an array. So it's an object first And in that object, there's an array.
Of string. And then I had to give a description So you can give a description inside of a Zot schema so that your AI has a an easier time generating the structure output for you.
Because maybe when I say list of features I need to clarify what do I mean by that, right?
That's why I have a described key here. Pretty straightforward, right? Like it's just a list of strings.
And as you can see, these are the strings. This is string. So web scraping using Playwright, HTML tag structure. These are all the features that were included in the repo.
So as somebody who's completely new to this repo, it's easier for you to look at this and be like, oh, it can do this. It can do that. I can learn that as opposed to like.
All code. Then you got to go and dig in like see like what's doing what So that's the generate features server action And then, yeah.
And then here what I can do is I can click on any of these.
Or I can search for all ones. I can say like scrape or something But maybe I want to do this. I'm going to click on this. Now it's going to run another servo action.
To generate a walk a walkthrough. So this is where I use Gemini 2.0 Pro, I think. And then it was breaking all the time because sometimes the code base is very long The context is very long I have a fallback to OpenAI 03 Mini.
And this is like this huge system message to be like hey like this is the code base. You're supposed to generate blah, blah, blah.
And then that's a system message. And then very important you know preserve all white space indentations so that that looks nice And then I could just like, I just like stuff in the code base content and then the feature to implement, which is literally just the text that we just saw from the list.
So that it knows what we're trying to do. So the model is for flashlight and then I pass in the schema. This is the walkthrough schema.
Which has the file name the full code of the file, which is like, if it's looking at a file, it should return the full code.
The reason why I have this is because this is kind of a hack.
I want to compare the current code to the full code of the file and then highlight it.
What I should have done was parse this from like the initial repo pool and then not make the model do this again because it's just such a waste of And then the current code is like, okay, which code are we talking about at this step?
And then an explanation of the step. So it's almost kind of like a slideshow in a sense. So now it's done. I just had to follow along with this.
You know, you create a new file called scrape.py And then these are the link, I mean, the code for that file and then you click Once you're done with that step, you click on next Now you're going to add these to the script repeal
To your script.py. File and it highlights the stuff that is new. And then there's this like new function down here and then it tells you like why we're doing it.
And then last minute, I had like an audio thing too So like, let's add a function call.
Those like tell you like kind of guide you through it.
And then if I leave it on, it'll actually go to the next stage automatically.
And then see that like it was just scroll to the part that you need to do and it'll tell you like why you're doing it so that as you're coding along, you kind of like know the reason why you're doing certain things?
And then you're going to keep doing that. And then by the end, you would have a working whatever that you're trying to learn.
So nine steps to set up play right. And this is pulled from the code base. So it's uh You're trying to learn a code base, then you can do that.
And then this is the code to generate the code. The walkthrough And then the fallback is obviously OpenAI because Gemini was kind of like finicky. So I have this strict mode here. I use O3 Mini, which is a decent model
And it has a special property called reasoning effort. If it turns to high, it'll take like forever to load. So I had to let low.
And then this is repo mix This is the tricky part because repo mix is actually a CLI tool. So what I had to do was I had to like finesse it so it run in the Vercel serverless function Which is kind of tricky.
This is probably the part I spend the most time on.
To be honest. But
Yeah.
Wait, can I ask a question? So on the generated walkthrough, I'm just curious how you're generating the UI like that.
Oh, the UI. That's the UI stuff. So I have… See?
Because like it generates after you generate the steps and then it just creates the UI components around each step.
Or…
No, this UI is pre-built. I made it so that once the data for the walkthrough is available, then it will display this kind of like walk through editor like this.
Yeah, but like on the left, there's a number of steps, right? So do you define like how many number of like slides you need to do for the UI too?
Oh, no. It would just take however many it wants to generate.
So let's go back here. Go to another one.
Could have been like five steps. I don't have like a specified number of steps for it.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, that's what I'm asking. How do you get that into the ui I know you can generate like strings for the output, but what about UI components?
So this comes back, like I said, like this is a list of stuff. Let me show you the walkthrough. So this is an object.
Every walkthrough step is an object. That has a file name.
All the code? Some of the code to highlight and then an explanation and then i put that into the actual schema here where it has like a one property called steps And the steps property would just be a list of all these things.
Basically. And then pass that to the generate object server action here.
Where this says schema, something that knows that oh When I input the repo as text i want structure upward out.
As I have declared in the other file. So this is where I get the list of steps. And then once I get the list of steps, I'm going to display that in the walkthrough editor here, which is just react stuff.
Jesus. He has a lot of stuff just to get like the editor working.
As well. Yeah, so once the steps are available Then we're just going to like Do a bunch of stuff here.
I don't remember what I wrote here.
Yeah, it's not like two hours. I honestly don't remember.
Okay, that's like a lot. Yeah, it's a lot of front-end code, apparently. Okay, cool.
Yeah, so also a lot of vibe coding too, as you can tell from like the freaking comments that I never wrote here.
But essentially, there's like a component here and there's a component here And then there's a component here. And then once the steps are available, I'm just going to pass the data down to like this separately, this separately, this separately.
Because every step has like complete context of like which step it is in the array, the content of the file And then the explanation.
Okay. Like in the metadata or something.
Cool. All right.
Yep. This will be in production.
What are the highlights? The highlights, what are they for?
Say that one more time.
The highlights on jello.
The what, sorry? Oh, the highlights for you to know that, hey, this file is pretty long, but this is the two lines that we going to be paying attention to.
Oh, wow.
So it's supposed to be for like one step at a time and the highlighted step, the highlighted coat is the coat that is just supposed to add in a step, but then it's really hard to prompt it to like just write that because as you can see like
From here to here It's supposed to highlight this, honestly.
But then like it's kind of like… screwed up there.
But if you demo it really quick, then people won't see it.
Gotcha. Pretty cool, man.
Yeah, it's a cool project.
Thank you. I'm going to build this out this week.
Awesome. Thank you.
And then put a stripling on it.
Are you going to sell it to us now? Hi. I thought we're building internal tools.
Every time I hit generate, this should cost me money, so…
Oh, that's right. That's right.
Pay for my time. Thank God. It's going to be like $2 a month or something.
I mean, heck, people are going to pay 20 bucks a month If you want. It's a great educational project. But this is relevant for a few of the people too who are working on the GitHub or another learning platform, stuff like that.
Yep. I built this for Gil. Do you know that?
I think Melissa you were building something like this. Why, Gil?
You're the man. You're the man. Because I'm the dumbest student. I need more help. Come on.
You'll ask me about this.
He asked me about it. He's like, I wish there's a tool to explain to me like just the stuff that I need from a code base that i found
That is so cool.
I owe you, man. Any of these signs you need, I'm your man. Actually, I think this would be a really, really cool startup product.
It's going to help a lot of people. I'll drop a few ideas to you that I got while I was using it. Maybe they are helpful but uh this is a really good tool
Please send them my way. I have… Every intention to productionize this because This honestly, when I launched it, had more market pull than like cats with bats. I'm like.
What do you mean by market pool? Like how many people came up to talk to you about this or what?
Man, should I just do this?
Yeah, people will like send me the link ASAP. Need this stuff today.
You know why? Because I told you today too, there's going to be more software engineers thanks to AI now. And they're not going to be like.
Proper, I guess, offenders but like the new generation of
She's talking about you guys, by the way.
Why are you outing like that? No, no. But okay, yeah, why not? For vibe coders, basically.
So we got more tools for vibe coders. Actually.
Yeah, she said it.
Yep. This is basically a live coding tool. It only exists in the vibe coding era.
I love.
It cannot exist anywhere, any other time in history.
Yeah. Oh, my gosh. There's so much to build.
All right.
So before we leave, quick question for you guys. How far are you guys in your project? How do you feel? Do you feel like you're stuck or?
Do okay.
I feel good about my project. I'm in the AI implementation part.
And yeah, it's a lot. Like I drop in one file and test that file and I think it's all good. Then once I add multiple files, it's like debugging hell, but… You know, I'm up to the challenges. It's pretty cool seeing it come together.
Mm-hmm. Real.
But it's a big task. Yeah.
You're crushing it, by the way. Keep going.
Thanks, thanks.
Yeah, I was focusing on the AI part and the UI part up until now. And then last week, I just started on the DB side of things and the auth and everything.
I'm still figuring out the kinks there.
Currently having some issues with how the data is getting parsed into DB, but I think the structured response that we covered today might help.
Put some of that so Thank you.
Yep. Let me know how it goes.
I'm pretty much the same. Okay, go on. Okay.
Yeah, I'm keeping mine, I'm sorry.
I was pretty stuck with trying to get some structured outputs So recipes basically and trying to vectorize it eventually I think it's going to be a huge help like to actually get it out structured and like also filter out a lot of scraping bullshit that I don't really need, but also getting
The best of it, like just the stuff I need. And I think I'm just going to push for all day this week.
Nice. Are you using FyQrawl or what are you using?
Not really firepall, but… I was trying a lot of basic stuff, but I think I'm just going to go on to Beautiful soup, beautiful soupo. Fine, Paul.
I mean, either way just What is it?
I strongly recommend Firefall. I strongly recommend Far Crawl.
Okay.
Park Raw with Markdown. The reason why they have Markdown is because of the use cases like what we saw with structured output and extraction.
Just to make sense of it and getting all the stuff I need. I have like 10 different categories I could textualize.
And there are a few use cases I want to do.
Nice.
Yeah.
Cool, cool. So yeah, I'm just trying to keep the scope really small uh i was at the beginning i was throwing like many files into the data intake process for rag And yeah, kind of like what Melissa was saying, I was just spending a lot of time troubleshooting
The multiple files. So I'm just making a fat single file and using that later I can't prove it.
Yep.
And then I'm trying to figure out how to make the output exactly the stuff that you were talking about today how to get the model to provide that reliable JSON output because if anything changes the DSL doesn't work anymore.
So everything that you were saying today is going to be really useful for me.
And that's where I am. I'm still on the notebook.
So this is like the heavy lifting. Once I'm done with this it's going to be easier to port it into You know, a Python application NetJS or something like that.
I'm still clueless about that. I'm a designer and I'm clueless about the UI. I'm just trying to figure out stuff.
Yeah, man, keep me updated. Seems like you're on the right track.
First but it's fun. I'm really excited.
My AI response actually takes a lot of time. I'm not sure if that's normal like it takes like two three minutes for the air response too.
Not normal.
That's not normal, right? Never seen something wrong.
Well, I guess it depends. Are you using like 01 Pro or something
No, I'm using the AI SDK.
4. Gpt-4, I think.
Yeah, at least. Yeah, yeah.
No. So without… seeing the code or looking at the logs. If you want to like add some tracing to your code. So like add some logging to like the result and what happens before the result maybe we can take a look at that together at some point over chat.
Yeah.
Yeah, will it happen if my prompt just Too big?
How big are you talking?
I mean, not that big. I mean, it's… I don't know how to explain how big it could be It's… No, no, no, no. It's not that big at all. It's like a page, maybe.
It shouldn't matter because I passed like a whole… repo into my Yeah.
Yeah. Okay.
Yeah. So when you say like, yeah, maybe like lock some stuff out into the console.
Right.
Because when you… AI responds slow. Do you mean like when it shows up on the screen or when it's like actually done Oh, thinking state.
It's like in the loading state, in the thinking state
This is not a thinking model, right? But you just have a thinking
Like you it's not, it's not. And it's just loading. Like when it's just um Then you submit and then you submit before it pops up into your screen. It ticks.
Two to three minutes. I mean, not three, two and a half Two minutes for sure.
Two to three minutes.
What is your stack? What are you using?
Next.js TypeScript. Yeah, I'm thinking I should, yeah, like I said, add some traceability there.
Okay.
Because, yeah. Because I don't think that's normal.
Mm-hmm.
Maybe at some times for the before and after to see if it improves once you do stuff and maybe it goes down to 90 seconds, maybe it goes down to 60 but eventually
Yeah.
Yeah, actually, you should sign up for Langsmith. And then just add it to your code base.
Okay.
It's really simple. It's like one line of code. And then you have like open AI tracing. And you can see how long each call to OpenAI will take.
Okay. Thank you.
Under the latency. And it's free for like one million traces or something like that. So it should be free for a long time.
That's good. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. So once you sign up, I strongly recommend set up setting up Langsmith. And then… Show me the traces and then we'll see. We'll take it from there.
Okay. Thank you.
Yep.
Come on, people, don't be shy.
My project is going well. I'm implementing the part where you can like where you can kind of have a coding agent for my HTML, CSS code editor.
And I'm starting that process now. But everything's looking good.
Nice.
If I have questions, I will let you know.
Awesome, man. Love to hear it.
About my progress up until Friday now. So I was able to scrape. So I'm working on something like very similar to what Kelsey is doing but in different domain and like it's it's not very domain specific It's like you would search any length of topics on the research
And then the AI part would summarize the research for you rerank it and basically after summaries it would give you a research direction.
Mm-hmm.
For example, if you say that I want to research on X topic.
And existing research and the next topic it would take the delta and suggest you What's the resource direction exactly? How should you work on and what should we focus on after summarizing the papers that exist in the space?
So I am pretty much able to find out all the papers like through different APIs.
Mm-hmm.
Like not just a semantic scholar, but like PubMed ai generated also trying to use fire crawl, like you suggested And then… It's going pretty smooth and the relevancy is also going pretty smooth like up until Friday, I could get top 10 papers, which I'm going to squeeze down top five
And then the summary part that's not working. So I'm fixing that because all of the time I was just wipe coding. Basically, I'm new to TypeScript.
So I'm a little embarrassed like i did not even…
We're clipping that. We're clipping that on LinkedIn.
I just been vibe coding.
So basically doing types. Yeah, TypeScripting, I started using TypeScript and learning more of it and trying to debug where I'm failing for the research summary Sorry, now I'm stuck. But the relevancy part is really good like it's throwing Yeah.
Nice, nice. That's awesome. How do you do your re-ranking?
That was an aha moment for me. What was that? Sorry.
How do you do your re-ranking?
So I just use Claude and chat GPT for a model like 3.5 sorry And use that formulae. That's the basic formulae that it grows like just a mathematical formula like How is it calculating the context window or sorry the tokens of all the
Embeddings and then it gives you the highest score.
Mm-hmm.
Interesting.
Like in percent wise 100%, 78 blah blah and then I'm just getting the numbers based on these models right now. So of course, Claude was expensive. So I'm just focusing on GPT and some free models.
Mm-hmm.
And I'm still trying to fine tune and sorry, still trying to optimize on that part so But that was a good learning for me like how is it using the relevancy on the topic.
Yeah, that's interesting how we do ranking like that. It's cool. If it works, it works.
So.
I'm not using vector db and all of that. I was just trying to get paper IDs into super base right now.
Mm-hmm.
Not created my login page also because I just focused on getting, you know, working UI and uh If I'm actually able to call the APIs, et cetera, from different sources.
I'll try to use tool calling for the cross-referencing of multiple sources like being very specific for specific domain. If I need scientific papers, just go through this. And if you need any other technology papers go through other api etc so
Let's see how does that work in my case.
Cool. I'm excited to see it.
Is Tess here? Tess!
Tess. I don't think Tess is here anymore. Frederick.
Patrick.
Yeah, I do have questions, but you said you were tired about 30 minutes ago, so I don't want to delay you. So I'll save it.
Go for it, man. Go for it.
Well, okay, fine. So basically, I'm working with two models right now. I have one LLM for my companion model and I have another LLM for my agent. So what I'm doing is that I'm piping the output of my agent after they finish their tool calling back to the main companion model.
Now, when I test these models individually, they seem to work pretty well. But when I combine something weird is happening Like, I don't know what Landgraph is doing, but there's some sort of threading issue because my main function, like the function that's supposed to only run once when you run streamlet, run the APP.py
It gets cold again and again and again and again. So there's some sort of threading that's going on that I'm not doing.
That's going on in the background but um But I guess the other thing is that the model I'm using for the agent tool calling, which is Quinn.
It's being very stochastic. Even though when I set the temperature to zero, it's still like sometimes it calls the tools and other times it won't.
Even though the input's the same. So I'm going to try that thing. I'm going to like a rename the function, like the tool functions. I'm gonna uh like adjust the system prompt.
And I'm also going to… Oh.
You might need to do some few shot there because… For smaller models like Gwen's models, few shotting usually helps.
Okay. All right. All right. I will keep that in mind. But yeah, yeah. So I'll see what progress I make by Wednesday. And if not, I'll reach out to you again.
Yep.
Office hours. Thanks.
Yeah. And there are two ways to do few shouting too. You can do few shouting in the system message. So like just literally say like, here are some examples or you can insert fake messages into your message history that's like my go-to
So like, yeah.
Oh. Oh, okay. So insert synthetic messages into the history itself Okay. Interesting.
Yeah. Just be like… From my experience, that has been a better performing way to do it.
So if you have a two call message See, you would have like a fake question and then you have like the right tool call after that.
From the assistant. And then just keep doing that for all the tools.
A couple of times. And then somehow that's like super clear for the model to know like oh i should Do this when this happens.
Huh. Okay. All right. So something to think about. Okay. Thanks. Thanks a lot.
And for the first question, I honestly don't know. Maybe if we can look at the code together or something, but… Is your agent running like async or sync?
Okay. No, I'm not doing Tom. Maybe I should look into async, but right now I'm not like, I'm not labeling any of my functions as async because I was not expecting multi-threading but because It's being called sequentially. It's not like two models running at the same time it's like
First, the agent gives the user query. It runs the tool calls like it needs, and then it pipes the output back into the main model. So it's supposed to be done sequentially so I didn't I didn't think the knee, like I needed async
But yeah, we'll see. Maybe it's not that big of a deal, but we'll see.
Like, oh.
Oh, let me ask you something. Are you doing hands-off like through code or like regular code or are you doing it through like gland graphs api because land graph has like a like a node thing that can pass on to another agent.
But it has to be like a line graph like method it's supposed to like regular code.
Yep.
I might be doing it through, I'm definitely calling a certain language. I'm building the uh like uh i'm building the graph uh for for the agent routing protocol like uh And then the result of that, I'm calling the stream method. So that might be it.
Okay, but… But yeah, like it's not necessarily problematic. Like the output's still going on. It's just weird because I'm not I'm not supposed to be doing multi-threading. It's not something I'm doing on purpose so We'll see. We'll see.
Mm-hmm.
Okay, but yeah, you know, I'll definitely take your advice into consideration
Yeah, interesting problem. I would be curious to see what you find.
Cool. All right, guys. That's it for the stream today. Tune in tomorrow at 1 p.m. Est to see me uh build couch test.
Awesome. See you guys.
Awesome. Thank you so much.
Good night, hon.